Add new terms and fix order (#452)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary-GeneralBitcoin.md

Read more: [Change coins](/using-wasabi/ChangeCoins.md)
:::

:::details
### Coinbase

A special field used as the sole input for coinbase transactions.
The coinbase allows claiming the block reward and provides up to 100 bytes for arbitrary data.
:::

:::details

> ### Coinbase transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Coinbase Transaction
```

:::

:::details
### Confirmations

Once a transaction is included in a block, it has one confirmation.
As soon as another block is mined on the same blockchain, the transaction has two confirmations, and so on.
Six or more confirmations is considered sufficient proof that a transaction cannot be reversed.
:::

:::details
### Consensus

> When several nodes, usually most nodes on the network, all have the same blocks in their locally-validated best block chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When several nodes, usually most nodes on the network, all have the same blocks in their locally-validated best blockchain.
```

:::

:::details
### Consensus Rules

The block validation rules that full nodes follow to stay in consensus with other nodes.
:::

:::details
### Difficulty

A network-wide setting that controls how much computation is required to produce a proof of work.
:::

:::details

> ### Difficulty Retargeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Difficulty Retargeting (Difficulty Adjustment)
```

A network-wide recalculation of the difficulty that occurs once every 2,016 blocks and considers the hashing power of the previous 2,016 blocks.
:::

:::details
### Difficulty Target

A difficulty at which all the computation in the network will find blocks approximately every 10 minutes.

> It specifies the numeric value the hash of a valid block must not be above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It specifies the numeric value the hash of a block must not be above to be considered a valid block.
```

:::

:::details
### Fork

> Fork, also known as accidental fork, occurs when two or more blocks have the same block height, forking the block chain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fork, also known as accidental fork, occurs when two or more blocks have the same block height, forking the blockchain.
```

Bitcoin uses the SHA256 in many parts of the protocol.
:::

:::details

> ### HD protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HD Protocol
```

The Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) key creation and transfer protocol (BIP32), which allows creating child keys from parent keys in a hierarchy.
:::

:::details

> ### HD wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HD Wallet
```

Read more: [Can I generate a multi signature script?](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#can-i-generate-a-multi-signature-script)
:::

:::details

> ### Nonce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Miner
```

A network node that finds valid proof of work for new blocks, by repeated hashing.
:::

:::details
### Output

> 

Reviewer: this shouldn't be removed

The "nonce" in a bitcoin block is a 32-bit (4-byte) field whose value is set so that the hash of the block will contain a run of leading zeros.

> The rest of the fields may not be changed, as they have a defined meaning.

Reviewer: This should have a title `### Nonce`

:::

:::details
### Off-chain transaction

> An off-chain transaction is the movement of value outside of the block chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An off-chain transaction is the movement of value outside of the blockchain.
```

While an on-chain transaction—usually referred to as simply a transaction—modifies the blockchain and depends on the blockchain to determine its validity.
An off-chain transaction relies on other methods to record and validate the transaction.
:::

:::details
### P2PKH

Transactions that pay a bitcoin address containing a public key hash scripts.
An output locked by a P2PKH script can be unlocked (spent) by presenting a public key and a digital signature created by the corresponding private key.
:::

:::details
### P2SH

P2SH or Pay-to-Script-Hash is a type of transaction that simplifies the use of complex transaction scripts.
With P2SH the complex script that details the spending conditions (redeem script) is committed to with a hash in the locking script.
:::

:::details
### P2WPKH

The signature of a P2WPKH (Pay-to-Witness-Public-Key-Hash) contains the same information as a P2PKH spending, but is located in the witness field instead of the scriptSig field.
:::

:::details
### Paper Wallet

> In the most specific sense, a paper wallet is a document containing all the secrets to spend a bitcoin UTXO. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the most specific sense, a paper wallet is a document containing all the secrets to spend a bitcoin UTXO.
```

Read more: [Can I generate a multi signature script?](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#can-i-generate-a-multi-signature-script)
:::

:::details
### Nonce

The "nonce" in a bitcoin block is a 32-bit (4-byte) field whose value is set so that the hash of the block will contain a run of leading zeros.
The rest of the fields may not be changed, as they have a defined meaning.
:::

:::details
### Output

Output, transaction output, or TxOut is an output in a Bitcoin transaction which contains two fields: a value field for transferring zero or more satoshis and a pubkey script for indicating what conditions must be fulfilled for those satoshis to be further spent.
:::

:::details
### Off-chain Transaction

An off-chain transaction is the movement of value outside of the blockchain.
While an on-chain transaction - usually referred to as simply a transaction - modifies the blockchain and depends on the blockchain to determine its validity.
An off-chain transaction relies on other methods to record and validate the transaction.
:::

:::details
### P2PKH

> These outputs contain a locking script that locks the output to a public key hash, more commonly known as a bitcoin address. An output locked by a P2PKH script can be unlocked (spent) by presenting a public key and a digital signature created by the corresponding private key.

Reviewer: Which `these outputs` you mean?

Why not simply add:
```
The vast majority of transactions processed on the bitcoin network spend outputs locked with a Pay-to-Public-Key-Hash or "P2PKH" script.
These outputs contain a locking script that locks the output to a public key hash, more commonly known as a bitcoin address.
An output locked by a P2PKH script can be unlocked (spent) by presenting a public key and a digital signature created by the corresponding private key.
```
https://github.com/bitcoinbook/bitcoinbook/blob/develop/ch06.asciidoc#pay-to-public-key-hash-p2pkh

Is saying `The vast majority ...` still accurate?

Author: No it's not

Reviewer: How about `Many transactions...`?

> These outputs contain a locking script that locks the output to a public key hash, more commonly known as a bitcoin address. An output locked by a P2PKH script can be unlocked (spent) by presenting a public key and a digital signature created by the corresponding private key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These outputs contain a locking script that locks the output to a public key hash, more commonly known as a bitcoin address. 
An output locked by a P2PKH script can be unlocked (spent) by presenting a public key and a digital signature created by the corresponding private key.
```

Reviewer: Saying `These outputs ...` directly doesn't make sense.
We should edit it to:
```
Many transactions processed on the bitcoin network spend outputs locked with a Pay-to-Public-Key-Hash or "P2PKH" script.
These outputs contain a locking script that locks the output to a public key hash, more commonly known as a bitcoin address.
An output locked by a P2PKH script can be unlocked (spent) by presenting a public key and a digital signature created by the corresponding private key.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many transactions processed on the bitcoin network spend outputs locked with a Pay-to-Public-Key-Hash or "P2PKH" script.
These outputs contain a locking script that locks the output to a public key hash, more commonly known as a bitcoin address.
An output locked by a P2PKH script can be unlocked (spent) by presenting a public key and a digital signature created by the corresponding private key.
```

Read more: [Can I generate a multi signature script?](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#can-i-generate-a-multi-signature-script)
:::

:::details
### Nonce

The "nonce" in a bitcoin block is a 32-bit (4-byte) field whose value is set so that the hash of the block will contain a run of leading zeros.
The rest of the fields may not be changed, as they have a defined meaning.
:::

:::details
### Output

Output, transaction output, or TxOut is an output in a Bitcoin transaction which contains two fields: a value field for transferring zero or more satoshis and a pubkey script for indicating what conditions must be fulfilled for those satoshis to be further spent.
:::

:::details
### Off-chain Transaction

An off-chain transaction is the movement of value outside of the blockchain.
While an on-chain transaction - usually referred to as simply a transaction - modifies the blockchain and depends on the blockchain to determine its validity.
An off-chain transaction relies on other methods to record and validate the transaction.
:::

:::details
### P2PKH

> Transactions that pay a bitcoin address containing a public key hash scripts.

Reviewer: `Transactions that pay a bitcoin address containing a public key hash scripts.`
This has been removed from https://github.com/bitcoinbook/bitcoinbook/blob/develop/ch06.asciidoc

Read more: [Can I generate a multi signature script?](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#can-i-generate-a-multi-signature-script)
:::

:::details
### Nonce

> The "nonce" in a bitcoin block is a 32-bit (4-byte) field whose value is set so that the hash of the block will contain a run of leading zeros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nonce` in a Bitcoin block is a 32-bit (4-byte) field whose value is set so that the hash of the block will contain a run of leading zeros.
```

The rest of the fields may not be changed, as they have a defined meaning.
:::

:::details
### Output

Output, transaction output, or TxOut is an output in a Bitcoin transaction which contains two fields: a value field for transferring zero or more satoshis and a pubkey script for indicating what conditions must be fulfilled for those satoshis to be further spent.
:::

:::details
### Off-chain Transaction

An off-chain transaction is the movement of value outside of the blockchain.
While an on-chain transaction - usually referred to as simply a transaction - modifies the blockchain and depends on the blockchain to determine its validity.
An off-chain transaction relies on other methods to record and validate the transaction.
:::

:::details
### P2PKH

> Many transactions processed on the bitcoin network spend outputs locked with a Pay-to-Public-Key-Hash or "P2PKH" script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many transactions processed on the Bitcoin network spend outputs locked with a Pay-to-Public-Key-Hash or `P2PKH` script.
```

> These outputs contain a locking script that locks the output to a public key hash, more commonly known as a bitcoin address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These outputs contain a locking script that locks the output to a public key hash, more commonly known as a Bitcoin address.
```

An output locked by a P2PKH script can be unlocked (spent) by presenting a public key and a digital signature created by the corresponding private key.
:::

:::details
### P2SH

P2SH or Pay-to-Script-Hash is a type of transaction that simplifies the use of complex transaction scripts.
With P2SH the complex script that details the spending conditions (redeem script) is committed to with a hash in the locking script.
:::

:::details
### P2WPKH

The signature of a P2WPKH (Pay-to-Witness-Public-Key-Hash) contains the same information as a P2PKH spending, but is located in the witness field instead of the scriptSig field.
:::

:::details
### Paper Wallet

> In the most specific sense, a paper wallet is a document containing all the secrets to spend a bitcoin UTXO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the most specific sense, a paper wallet is a document containing all the secrets to spend a Bitcoin UTXO.
```

Read more: [Can I generate a multi signature script?](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#can-i-generate-a-multi-signature-script)
:::

:::details
### Miner

A network node that finds valid proof of work for new blocks, by repeated hashing.
:::

> 

Reviewer: This should be removed it is duplicated.

:::details
### Nonce

The "nonce" in a bitcoin block is a 32-bit (4-byte) field whose value is set so that the hash of the block will contain a run of leading zeros.
The rest of the fields may not be changed, as they have a defined meaning.
:::

:::details
### Output

Output, transaction output, or TxOut is an output in a Bitcoin transaction which contains two fields: a value field for transferring zero or more satoshis and a pubkey script for indicating what conditions must be fulfilled for those satoshis to be further spent.
:::

:::details

> ### Off-chain transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Off-chain Transaction
```

An off-chain transaction is the movement of value outside of the blockchain.

> While an on-chain transaction—usually referred to as simply a transaction—modifies the blockchain and depends on the blockchain to determine its validity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While an on-chain transaction - usually referred to as simply a transaction - modifies the blockchain and depends on the blockchain to determine its validity.
```

:::

:::details
### Nonce

A network node that finds valid proof of work for new blocks, by repeated hashing.
:::

:::details
### Output

The "nonce" in a bitcoin block is a 32-bit (4-byte) field whose value is set so that the hash of the block will contain a run of leading zeros.
The rest of the fields may not be changed, as they have a defined meaning.
:::

:::details
### Off-chain transaction

An off-chain transaction is the movement of value outside of the block chain.
While an on-chain transaction—usually referred to as simply a transaction—modifies the blockchain and depends on the blockchain to determine its validity an off-chain transaction relies on other methods to record and validate the transaction.
:::

:::details
### P2PKH

Transactions that pay a bitcoin address contain P2PKH or Pay To PubKey Hash scripts.
An output locked by a P2PKH script can be unlocked (spent) by presenting a public key and a digital signature created by the corresponding private key.
:::

:::details
### P2SH

P2SH or Pay-to-Script-Hash is a powerful new type of transaction that greatly simplifies the use of complex transaction scripts.

> With P2SH the complex script that details the conditions for spending the output (redeem script) is not presented in the locking script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With P2SH the complex script that details the spending conditions (redeem script) is committed to with a hash in the locking script.
```

> Instead, only a hash of it is in the locking script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

:::

:::details
### P2WPKH

The signature of a P2WPKH (Pay-to-Witness-Public-Key-Hash) contains the same information as a P2PKH spending, but is located in the witness field instead of the scriptSig field.

> The scriptPubKey is also modified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

:::

:::details
### Paper Wallet

> In the most specific sense, a paper wallet is a document containing all of the data necessary to generate any number of Bitcoin private keys, forming a wallet of keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the most specific sense, a paper wallet is a document containing all the secrets to spend a bitcoin UTXO. 
```

a paper wallet does not need to be HD.

> However, people often use the term to mean any way of storing bitcoin offline as a physical document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is a way of storing bitcoin offline as a physical document.
```

> This second definition also includes paper keys and redeemable codes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Read more: [BIP 174 Partially Signed Bitcoin Transaction Format](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0174.mediawiki)
:::

:::details
### Payment Channels

A payment channel is class of techniques designed to allow users to make multiple bitcoin transactions without committing all of the transactions to the bitcoin blockchain.

> In a typical payment channel, only two transactions are added to the block chain but an unlimited or nearly unlimited number of payments can be made between the participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a typical payment channel, only two transactions are added to the blockchain but an unlimited or nearly unlimited number of payments can be made between the participants.
```

Read more: [BIP 174 Partially Signed Bitcoin Transaction Format](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0174.mediawiki)
:::

:::details
### Payment Channels

> A payment channel is class of techniques designed to allow users to make multiple bitcoin transactions without committing all of the transactions to the bitcoin blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A payment channel is class of techniques designed to allow users to make multiple Bitcoin transactions without committing all of the transactions to the Bitcoin blockchain.
```

Read more: [BIP 174 Partially Signed Bitcoin Transaction Format](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0174.mediawiki)
:::

:::details
### Payment Channels

> A micropayment channel or payment channel is class of techniques designed to allow users to make multiple bitcoin transactions without committing all of the transactions to the bitcoin blockchain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A payment channel is class of techniques designed to allow users to make multiple bitcoin transactions without committing all of the transactions to the bitcoin blockchain.
```

:::

:::details

> ### Private Key (or secret key)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Private Key
```

Try not to break links if it can be avoided, and nowhere else is the () in the header

> A private key is a large number that must be chosen at random, it is thus a very secure password and should be kept secret.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A private key [or secret key] is a large number that must be chosen at random, it is thus a very secure password and should be kept secret.
```

Replacing one version of an unconfirmed transaction with a different version of the transaction that pays a higher transaction fee.
:::

:::details
### Mining Reward

An amount of satoshis included in each new block as a reward by the network to the miner who found the Proof-of-Work solution.
Initially it was 50 bitcoin per block, which is halvend every 210 000 blocks, or roughly 4 years.

> This leads to a total money supply of just below 21 million bitcoin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This leads to a total money supply of just below 21 million bitcoin.
```

Replacing one version of an unconfirmed transaction with a different version of the transaction that pays a higher transaction fee.
:::

:::details
### Mining Reward

> An amount of satoshis included in each new block as a reward by the network to the miner who found the Proof-of-Work solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An amount of satoshis included in each new block as a reward by the network to the miner who found the proof of work solution.
```

Replacing one version of an unconfirmed transaction with a different version of the transaction that pays a higher transaction fee.
:::

:::details

> ### Reward

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Mining Reward
```

Reward is too specific, also please move it to `M`

> An amount included in each new block as a reward by the network to the miner who found the Proof-of-Work solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An amount of satoshis included in each new block as a reward by the network to the miner who found the Proof-of-Work solution.
```

> It is currently 12.5 BTC per block.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Initially it was 50 bitcoin per block, which is halvend every 210 000 blocks, or roughly 4 years.
This leads to a total money supply of just below 21 million bitcoin. 
```

:::

:::details
### Satoshi Nakamoto

Satoshi Nakamoto is the name used by the person or people who designed Bitcoin and created its original reference implementation, Bitcoin Core.
As a part of the implementation, they also devised the first blockchain database.

> In the process they were the first to solve the double-spending problem for digital currency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the process they were the first to solve the double-spending problem for digital currency in a decentralized and self verifying nature.
```

eCash solved the double spending problem by having one trusted central server.

Their real identity remains unknown.
:::

:::details
### Script

Bitcoin uses a scripting system for transactions.

> Forth-like, Script is simple, stack-based, and processed from left to right.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Forth-like, Script is simple, stack-based and processed from left to right.
```

It is purposefully not Turing-complete, with no loops.
:::

:::details

> ### ScriptPubKey (or pubkey script)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### ScriptPubKey
```

> ScriptPubKey or pubkey script, is a script included in outputs which sets the conditions that must be fulfilled for those satoshis to be spent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ScriptPubKey or pubkey script, is a script included in outputs which sets the conditions that must be fulfilled for those satoshis to be spend.
```

Data for fulfilling the conditions can be provided in a signature script.
:::

:::details

> ### ScriptSig (or signature script)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### ScriptSig
```

:::

:::details
### Satoshi Nakamoto

Satoshi Nakamoto is the name used by the person or people who designed Bitcoin and created its original reference implementation, Bitcoin Core.
As a part of the implementation, they also devised the first blockchain database.
In the process they were the first to solve the double-spending problem for digital currency in a decentralized and self verifying nature.
Their real identity remains unknown.
:::

:::details
### Script

Bitcoin uses a scripting system for transactions.
Forth-like, Script is simple, stack-based and processed from left to right.
It is purposefully not Turing-complete, with no loops.
:::

:::details
### ScriptPubKey

> ScriptPubKey or pubkey script, is a script included in outputs which sets the conditions that must be fulfilled for those satoshis to be spend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScriptPubKey or pubkey script, is a script included in outputs which sets the conditions that must be fulfilled for those satoshis to be spent.
```

Data for fulfilling the conditions can be provided in a signature script.
:::

:::details
### ScriptSig

ScriptSig or signature script, is the data generated by a spender which is almost always used as variables to satisfy a pubkey script.
:::

:::details

> ### Segregated Witness (or SegWit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Segregated Witness (SegWit)
```

Read more: [Wasabi Wallet under the hood](/building-wasabi/TechnicalOverview.md#wasabi-wallet-under-the-hood)
:::

:::details
### Soft Fork

Soft fork or soft-forking change is a fork in the blockchain which commonly occurs when miners using non-upgraded nodes don’t follow a new consensus rule their nodes don’t know about.
:::

:::details
### Transaction

> In simple terms, a transfer of bitcoin from one address to another.

Reviewer: IMO we should remove this. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/From_address

More precisely, a transaction is a signed data structure expressing a transfer of value.

> Transactions are transmitted over the bitcoin network, collected by miners, and included into blocks, made permanent on the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transactions are transmitted over the Bitcoin network, collected by miners, and included into blocks, made permanent on the blockchain.
```

:::

:::details
### Transaction Fees

A transaction includes a fee to the network for processing the requested transaction.
Most transactions require a minimum fee.
Read more: [What fee should I select?](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#what-fee-should-i-select)
:::

:::details
### Unspent Transaction Output (UTXO)

UTXO is an unspent transaction output that can be spent as an input in a new transaction.
Read more: [How can I select UTXOs for CoinJoin?](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#how-can-i-select-utxos-for-coinjoin)
:::

:::details
### Wallet

> Software that holds all your bitcoin addresses and secret keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software that holds all your Bitcoin addresses and secret keys.
```

Read more: [Wasabi Wallet under the hood](/building-wasabi/TechnicalOverview.md#wasabi-wallet-under-the-hood)
:::

:::details
### Soft Fork

> Soft fork or Soft-Forking Change is a temporary fork in the blockchain which commonly occurs when miners using non-upgraded nodes don’t follow a new consensus rule their nodes don’t know about.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Soft fork or soft-forking change is a fork in the blockchain which commonly occurs when miners using non-upgraded nodes don’t follow a new consensus rule their nodes don’t know about.
```

> Not to be confused with fork, hard fork, software fork or Git fork.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

:::

:::details
### Transaction

In simple terms, a transfer of bitcoin from one address to another.
More precisely, a transaction is a signed data structure expressing a transfer of value.
Transactions are transmitted over the bitcoin network, collected by miners, and included into blocks, made permanent on the blockchain.
:::

:::details
### Transaction Fees

> The sender of a transaction includes a fee to the network for processing the requested transaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A transaction includes a fee to the network for processing the requested transaction.
```

The fee can be subtracted from the receivers output, then he pays it.
